I'm working on a project (https://github.com/imagh/api.pets.be) using NestJS, TypeScript, MongoDB, and Mongoose . The backend architecture is layered as authentication, controllers, validators, transformers, services, and data. This is being developed as a monolithic application due to low bandwidth, however, it's being designed with modularity in mind, for easier transition to a microservices architecture in the future. After the initial sketch of database layer, I've implemented the following modules: user, animal, and JWT-based OAuth2 authentication, supporting two roles: admin and user.


The motivation for this project stems from the lack of integrated services in the veterinary sector. Without an aggregator in place, it is challenging to evaluate fragmented existing services. My goal is to create an aggregator platform that consolidates all services and products in this space. It should also have an online store and community. Planned services include Doctors, Clinics, Chemists & Druggists, Ambulance, Taxis, Drivers, Grooming, and more.


I've experienced the issues like quality, unavailability and denial of services as a pet-owner and provider.  An aggregator app, will enable users to avail veterinary services with convenience. Moreover, it serves as an opportunity for me to learn, practice and improve my NestJS and TypeScript skills. As always, I'm writing the code with efficiency, robustness, cleanliness and good architecture for better maintenance and extensibility.
